Document override functionality  for `eth_call` and `eth_estimateGas` (#1756)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/how-to/send-transactions.md

:::

:::caution

Setting the [listening host](use-besu-api/index.md#service-hosts) to `0.0.0.0` exposes the API service connection on your node to any remote connection. In a production environment, ensure you are using a firewall to avoid exposing your node to the internet.

:::

:::tip

Libraries such as [web3j](https://github.com/web3j/web3j) or [ethereumj](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereumj) and tools such as [MyCrypto](https://mycrypto.com/) can also create signed transactions.

> :::

Reviewer: did you mean to remove this section @bgravenorst

| Synchronous | Asynchronous |
| Returns the value of a contract function available immediately | Returns transaction hash only. A block might not include all possible transactions (for example, if the gas price is too low). |

## Override state values

Use [`eth_call`](../reference/api/index.md#eth_call) to override an account with temporary state values before
making the call. This allows you to make temporary state changes without affecting the actual
blockchain state, and provides the following benefits:

> - Minimize the amount of contract code required to be deployed onchain. Code that returns
>     internal state or performs predefined validations can be kept offchain and provided to the node on-demand.
> - Extend and invoke custom methods on deployed contracts for analysis and debugging, avoiding

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Minimizes the amount of contract code required to be deployed onchain. Code that returns
    internal state or performs predefined validations can be kept offchain and provided to the node on demand.
- Extends and invokes custom methods on deployed contracts for analysis and debugging, avoiding
```
